[gardenlet] Switch `Shoot` care controller to `controller-runtime` (#7206)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/gardenlet.md

- `SystemComponentsHealthy`: The conditions of the `ManagedResource`s are checked (e.g. `ResourcesApplied`, etc.). Also, it is verified whether the VPN tunnel connection is established (which is required for `kube-apiserver` to communicate with the worker nodes).

Each condition can optionally also have error `codes` in order to indicate which type of issue was detected (see [this document](../usage/shoot_status.md) for more details).

Apart from the above, extension controllers can also contribute to the `status` or error `codes` of these conditions (see [this document](../extensions/shoot-health-status-conditions.md) for more details).

If all checks for a certain conditions are succeeded then its `status` will be set to `True`.
Otherwise, it will be set to `False`.

If at least one check fails and there is threshold configuration for the conditions (in `.controllers.seedCare.conditionThresholds`) then the status will be set

- to `Progressing` if it was `True` before.
- to `Progressing` if it was `Progressing` before and the `lastUpdateTime` of the condition does not exceed the configured threshold duration yet.

> - to `False` if it was `Progressing` before and the `lastUpdateTime` of the condition does exceed the configured threshold duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- to `False` if it was `Progressing` before and the `lastUpdateTime` of the condition exceeds the configured threshold duration.
```

The condition thresholds can be used to prevent reporting issues too early just because there is a rollout or a short disruption.
Only if the unhealthiness persists for at least the configured threshold duration then the issues will be reported (by setting the status to `False`).

##### Constraints And   Automatic Webhook Remediation

Please see [this document](../usage/shoot_status.md#constraints) for more details.

##### Garbage Collection

> Stale pods in the shoot namespace in the seed cluster and in the `kube-system` namespace in the shoot cluster are being deleted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stale pods in the shoot namespace in the seed cluster and in the `kube-system` namespace in the shoot cluster are deleted.
```
